project_charter.md, before:

# Faculty's website

## 1. Introduction

This project aims at creating a website for a faculty member at a College setting. A number of tools to help with the delivery of courses will be included such as: a template to create presentation slides, a tool to allow students and/or groups of students to pick meeting timeslots, and a timetable for the faculty to display its availability to students.

*January 23rd, 2022*

*Current Version: 2.1*

*Project Manager (and sponsor): Marcel Jar*

## 2. Overview

Marcel is planning to develop his own website to facilitate the delivery of his classes at Seneca College.

### 2.1 Objectives

### 2.2 Business Case

### 2.3 Scope

## 3. Milestones

1. First item
2. Second item
3. Third item

## 4. Deliverables

1. First item
2. Second item
3. Third item

## 5. Risks, Assumptions, and Constraints

### 5.1 Risks

- Any issues with hosting and domain that can interfere with the website accessibility will be solely the responsibility of the faculty
- Some of the contracted services can have sudden price hikes
- The faculty can inadvertently make changes that will cause the system to become unaccessible/unreliable
- Students might find it har to navigate a new system outside of the ones already offered by the college (Blackboard)

### 5.2 Assumptions

- The faculty is well versed in all technologies required to create and maintain the website
- The contracted services for hosting and domain are extremely reliable (accessible for more than 99.9% of the time)

### 5.3 Constraints

- No personal information will be stored (and/or displayed) in the website besides students names and emails
- No information regarding grades will be stored (and/or displayed) in the website

## 6. Organization/Stakeholders

| Project Role | Responsibilities | Assigned to |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------- |
| Project Manager | Design and maintain the website| Marcel Jar|
| Project Sponsor | Cover website costs | Marcel Jar|
| Users | Access the provided contents  | Seneca Students|

## 7.0 Preliminary Budget


| Item | Qtd | Cost/Item | Total Cost |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------- |  ----------- |
| Hosting  | 1 | 4.99 CADs/Month| 59.88 CADs/year|
| Domain | 1| 12.99 CADs/Year| 12.99 CADs/year|
| **Overall Cost** |  | | 72.87 CADs/year|

Commit message:

added milestones to the charter

project_charter.md, after:

# Faculty's website

## 1. Introduction

This project aims at creating a website for a faculty member at a College setting. A number of tools to help with the delivery of courses will be included such as: a template to create presentation slides, a tool to allow students and/or groups of students to pick meeting timeslots, and a timetable for the faculty to display its availability to students.

*January 23rd, 2022*

*Current Version: 2.1*

*Project Manager (and sponsor): Marcel Jar*

## 2. Overview

Marcel is planning to develop his own website to facilitate the delivery of his classes at Seneca College.

### 2.1 Objectives

### 2.2 Business Case

### 2.3 Scope

## 3. Milestones

1. List of technological choices for front-end, back-end, database, and hosting/domain defined
2. Website up and running from the server with no interactive tools
3. Template to deliver presentations addded to the website
4. Tool for faculty to display its availability added
5. Tool for allowing students and groups to pick timeslots added

## 4. Deliverables

1. First item
2. Second item
3. Third item

## 5. Risks, Assumptions, and Constraints

### 5.1 Risks

- Any issues with hosting and domain that can interfere with the website accessibility will be solely the responsibility of the faculty
- Some of the contracted services can have sudden price hikes
- The faculty can inadvertently make changes that will cause the system to become unaccessible/unreliable
- Students might find it har to navigate a new system outside of the ones already offered by the college (Blackboard)

### 5.2 Assumptions

- The faculty is well versed in all technologies required to create and maintain the website
- The contracted services for hosting and domain are extremely reliable (accessible for more than 99.9% of the time)

### 5.3 Constraints

- No personal information will be stored (and/or displayed) in the website besides students names and emails
- No information regarding grades will be stored (and/or displayed) in the website

## 6. Organization/Stakeholders

| Project Role | Responsibilities | Assigned to |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------- |
| Project Manager | Design and maintain the website| Marcel Jar|
| Project Sponsor | Cover website costs | Marcel Jar|
| Users | Access the provided contents  | Seneca Students|

## 7.0 Preliminary Budget


| Item | Qtd | Cost/Item | Total Cost |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------- |  ----------- |
| Hosting  | 1 | 4.99 CADs/Month| 59.88 CADs/year|
| Domain | 1| 12.99 CADs/Year| 12.99 CADs/year|
| **Overall Cost** |  | | 72.87 CADs/year|
